William Xiong 

Genre: Action/Survival

Title: SnakeWorld

Back story: 
As a common-variety garden snake, life has become hard.
Gardeners have started putting out rat poison to kill the mice that 
infest the garden, robbing you of your main source of food. Every night is
a struggle to survive. You must navigate the treacherous gardens for any
living mice to devour, while avoiding rat poison, mouse traps, and
other dangers that may lurk in the garden. Your goal is simply to survive.

Goal:
In order to advance to the next level, you must eat a predetermined 
number of randomly generated mice within a certain time while 
avoiding obstacles such as poison, mouse traps, walls, and yourself.
If you eat the number of mice required, you will automatically advance 
to the next level. The mice will try to move around.

If you don't eat enough mice within specified time, you will starve to death. 
If you run into yourself, walls, poison, or other traps, you die as well.
Unlike the classic snake game, you do not get longer as you eat more mice.
Whatever part of the snake appears on the screen will stay on the screen (the snake grows over time).
This means that you will eventually run out of room if you do not eat mice quickly.   

In the boss level, you must defeat another snake by trapping it so that it cannot move.
If you do this within a certain time, you win. If you run out of time, you lose.



Mechanics:
This is a variation on the classic snake game.
There is a "walk-around" mode where you can visit different gardens.
There are 3 gardens, representing 3 different difficulties. Each garden
has 3 levels and a boss level. Each level is like the one mentioned 
in the goal. Each boss has different, hidden powers.
 
Use the arrow keys to move around, avoid obstacles, and eat mice.


Different modes and levels:
Each level will include more types of obstacles and different types
of mice (which will be harder to catch). The different modes in this game 
are the boss levels, which are different from the rest of the levels, and the 
"walk-around" mode, which will let you walk around and pick a garden to enter. 







